[MERGE 4/24] Add latest platform updates (#3040)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/latest-updates.mdx

This section summarizes the recent enhancements and new features for IBM Quantum Platform.

**24 April 2025**

> - Instance limits: Individuals can view [available time and usage](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances), which displays alerts when approaching account or instance limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Instance limits: Individuals can view [available time and usage,](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) which displays alerts when approaching account or instance limits.
```

Reviewer: What is the "account" limits?  I know there are allocation limits, cost limits, and instance limits, but I don't see where we talk about account limits.

Author: @lerongil @JulesMurphy is 'account limits' the right term?

Reviewer 2: This can be replaced with" 

Individuals can view [available and remaining usage,](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) which displays alerts when approaching remaining usage.

Author: "approaching remaining usage" seems vague, since philosophically we are in a constant state of approaching our remaining usage.... 🤣  how about "when approaching usage limits" or just "when approaching limits"?

> - Instance limits: Individuals can view [available time and usage,](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) which displays alerts when approaching account or instance limits.

Author: ```suggestion
- Instance limits: Individuals can view [available time and usage,](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) which displays alerts when approaching limits.
```

> - Admin permissions: Admins can view overall usage, cycle period, and remaining time per plan in the instances page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Administrator permissions: Administrators can view overall usage, cycle period, and remaining time per plan in the Instances page.
```

Reviewer: Does "overall usage" mean "usage for that instance"?  Can they also see how much is remaining on an instance's allocation?  Maybe there should be an "and more" at the end of the above statement?

Author: @lerongil clarity question here ⬆️

Reviewer 2: This can be replaced with the following for clarity: 

Administrator Permissions: Administrators can view the available usage, remaining usage, and cycle period for each plan on the Instances page.

> - Search: Search is now integrated and available for filtering documentation content including guides and API reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search: Search is now integrated and available for filtering documentation content, including guides and API references.
```

> - Billing: Standard/Pay-as-you-go users can find a link to billing by clicking the three dots on each instance on the [Instances](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Billing: Standard (Pay-as-you-go) users can find a link to billing by clicking the overflow menu for each instance on the [Instances](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) page.
```

> - New sign-in option: Sign-in with Google now available on the [sign-in page](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/signin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New sign-in option: Sign-in with Google is now available on the [sign-in page.](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/signin)
```

- Bug fixes:

>   - Addressed failed batch sessions for Open Plan users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Addressed failed batch sessions for Open Plan users.
```

>   - Addressed batch sessions not closing properly

Author: ```suggestion
  - Addressed batch sessions not closing properly.
```

>   - Improved platform stability due to proper error handling and better recovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Improved platform stability by improving error handling and better recovery.
```

Reviewer: Something about that wording feels weird to me.

>   - Addressed an issue that was preventing QPU metrics to be displayed for the QPUs in the eu-de region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Addressed an issue that prevented QPU metrics to be displayed for the QPUs in the eu-de region.
```

> - Deprecation reminder: the deprecation date for IBM Quantum Platform Classic has been set for 1 July 2025. For more information, read the [migration guide](/docs/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecation reminder: The deprecation date for IBM Quantum Platform Classic has been set for 1 July 2025. For more information, read the [migration guide.](/docs/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp)
```
